v7.1.0 (#12588)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.0.1
_Mar 28, 2024_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 10 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🚀 Fix tooltip causing PieChart to crash on data change (#12571) @Rishi556
- 🌍 Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) and Italian (it-IT) locale for the Data Grid
- 🐞 Bugfixes
- 📚 Documentation improvements

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@7.0.1`

> - [DataGrid] Add `resizeThrottleMs` prop (#12556) @romgrk

Reviewer: Technically speaking this is a new feature and could justify a minor :laughing:

Author: OK, can change that ... makes sense

- 🚀 Fix tooltip causing PieChart to crash on data change (#12571) @Rishi556
- 🌍 Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) and Italian (it-IT) locale for the Data Grid
- 🐞 Bugfixes
- 📚 Documentation improvements

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@7.1.0`

- [DataGrid] Add `resizeThrottleMs` prop (#12556) @romgrk
- [DataGrid] Do not publish `rowEditStop` event if row has fields with errors (#11383) @cherniavskii
- [DataGrid] Fix bug in suspense (#12553) @romgrk
- [DataGrid] Fix missing class name in the `GridToolbarQuickFilter` component (#12484) @jhawkins11
- [l10n] Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) locale (#12547) @samchiu90
- [l10n] Improve Italian (it-IT) locale (#12549) @antomanc

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.1.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@7.1.0`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@7.1.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.1.0`.

### Date and Time Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@7.1.0`

> - [pickers] Prepare compatibility with `@mui/zero-runtime` (stop using `ownerState` in `styled`) (#12003) @flaviendelangle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [fields] Fix placeholder override] (#12589) @flaviendelangle
- [pickers] Prepare compatibility with `@mui/zero-runtime` (stop using `ownerState` in `styled`) (#12003) @flaviendelangle
```

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.1.0

_Mar 28, 2024_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 10 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🚀 Fix tooltip causing PieChart to crash on data change (#12571) @Rishi556

Reviewer: Not sure this is worth a highlight, I don"t remember us highlighting any bug fix

Reviewer: IMHO, we could highlight when it's a super major bug that a good portion of the community is waiting for.
But this should be an exception, we don't want to put to much light on the existence of bugs :laughing:

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.1.0

_Mar 28, 2024_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 10 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🚀 Add `resizeThrottleMs` prop (#12556) @romgrk

> - 🌍 Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) and Italian (it-IT) locale for the Data Grid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 🌍 Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) and Italian (it-IT) locale on the Pickers
```

- 🐞 Bugfixes
- 📚 Documentation improvements

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@7.1.0`

- [DataGrid] Add `resizeThrottleMs` prop (#12556) @romgrk
- [DataGrid] Do not publish `rowEditStop` event if row has fields with errors (#11383) @cherniavskii
- [DataGrid] Fix bug in suspense (#12553) @romgrk
- [DataGrid] Fix missing class name in the `GridToolbarQuickFilter` component (#12484) @jhawkins11

> - [l10n] Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) locale (#12547) @samchiu90
> - [l10n] Improve Italian (it-IT) locale (#12549) @antomanc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.1.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@7.1.0`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@7.1.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@7.1.0`.

### Date and Time Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@7.1.0`

> - [fields] Fix placeholder override (#12589) @flaviendelangle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [fields] Fix placeholder override (#12589) @flaviendelangle
- [l10n] Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) locale (#12547) @samchiu90
- [l10n] Improve Italian (it-IT) locale (#12549) @antomanc
```

- [pickers] Prepare compatibility with `@mui/zero-runtime` (stop using `ownerState` in `styled`) (#12003) @flaviendelangle

> - [DateRangePicker] Fix selection behavior with single input field when `readonly` (#12593) @LukasTy

Reviewer 2: We do, but this should be listed for `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro`. 😉

> - [DateRangePicker] Fix selection behavior with single input field when `readonly` (#12593) @LukasTy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@7.1.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

> Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@7.1.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@7.1.0`, plus:

- [DateRangePicker] Fix selection behavior with single input field when `readOnly` (#12593) @LukasTy
```

### Charts

#### `@mui/x-charts@7.1.0`

- [charts] Fix tooltip causing crash on data change (#12571) @Rishi556

### Tree View

#### `@mui/x-tree-view@7.1.0`

- [TreeView] Do not use outdated version of the state to compute new label first char in `RichTreeView` (#12512) @flaviendelangle

### Docs

- [docs] Add example to add a second icon next to the field's opening button (#12524) @flaviendelangle
- [docs] Add missing note to Data Grid migration guide (#12557) @romgrk

> - [docs] Chart title for SEO (#12545) @oliviertassinari

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [docs] Fix Charts title for SEO (#12545) @oliviertassinari
```

- [fields] Fix placeholder override (#12589) @flaviendelangle
- [l10n] Improve Chinese (Hong Kong) (zh-HK) locale (#12547) @samchiu90
- [l10n] Improve Italian (it-IT) locale (#12549) @antomanc
- [pickers] Prepare compatibility with `@mui/zero-runtime` (stop using `ownerState` in `styled`) (#12003) @flaviendelangle

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@7.1.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@7.1.0`, plus:

- [DateRangePicker] Fix selection behavior with single input field when `readOnly` (#12593) @LukasTy

### Charts

#### `@mui/x-charts@7.1.0`

- [charts] Fix tooltip causing crash on data change (#12571) @Rishi556

### Tree View

#### `@mui/x-tree-view@7.1.0`

- [TreeView] Do not use outdated version of the state to compute new label first char in `RichTreeView` (#12512) @flaviendelangle

### Docs

- [docs] Add example to add a second icon next to the field's opening button (#12524) @flaviendelangle
- [docs] Add missing note to Data Grid migration guide (#12557) @romgrk
- [docs] Fix Charts title for SEO (#12545) @oliviertassinari
- [docs] Fix small typo (#12558) @diogoparente

> - [docs] Reduce noise in migration docs side navigation (#12552) @cherniavskii

Reviewer 3: I just merged a PR.
```suggestion
- [docs] Improve codemod related documentation (#12582) @MBilalShafi
- [docs] Reduce noise in migration docs side navigation (#12552) @cherniavskii
```
